## C0103 (invalid-name)


## Snake_Case    (doesn't conform to snake_case naming style):

Snake case (stylized as snake_case) refers to the style of writing in which each space is replaced by an underscore (_) character, and the first letter of each word written in lowercase.


### :x: Problematic code in a function name:

```python
def SomeFunctionName():
  print("hello world")
```
### :heavy_check_mark: Correct code:
```
def some_function_name():
  print("hello world")
```
### :x: Problematic code in a variable name:

```python
SomeVariableName = 15

x=24
```
### :heavy_check_mark: Correct code:
```python
some_variable_name=15

hours_in_the_day=24
```

In the example above x is changed to hours_in_the_day. non-descriptive variable names cause massive problems in large code bases and destroy code readability for anyone but the author.



## Constant Variable Names    (doesn't conform to UPPER_CASE naming style):

Pylint is prone to labeling values as constants, even when in a programmer's eyes they are not. The reason this happens is due to how Pylint reviews the code and turns the code into an abstract data tree for evaluation. 


An example of this in practice: 

### :heavy_check_mark: Example of Pylint saying a variable is a constant:
```python
example_data_name=15
example_data_bool=False

if example_data_bool:
    example_data_name +=1
```

In the example above, there is a chance that example_data_name would be labled as a constant. The reason for this is, the execution of the if statment is dependent on our example_data_bool value. In this case, the value is set to False, thus for if statment never runs and the value of example_data_name remains 15, thus a constant.

### :heavy_check_mark: Example of Pylint saying a variable is a constant:
```python
example_data_name=15
example_data_bool=True

if example_data_bool:
    example_data_name +=1
```
In this example, the example_data_bool is set to true, thus the if statement runs. The value of example_data_name is now 16 and thus no longer a constant.

While this example is trivial, in the case where example_data_bool depends on user input, pylint tends to mark the line of code as an error.


**What can you do?**

A simple workaround for this is to just ensure that all variables are declared in main, and at some point the variable is ALWAYS changed. This is a slight work around/dance but nonetheless in most cases eliminates the error. If this error STILL does not go away, Please contact a TA or email tabot@marquette.edu In most cases, we consider this an issue with the open-source tool Pylint and not an issue with your code(although this is subject to TA discretion). We are looking into contacting Pylint in hopes that this issue will be fixed soon. In the meantime, we appreciate the patience

For variable names,function names,etc please use snake_case style

### Rationale:

Occurs when the chosen name does not conform to naming rules associated to its type
(such as constant, variable, class, etc.).

To read more about naming rules, please refer to this link:
- [StyleGuide](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/#type-variable-names)

### Related resources:

- [Testcases](https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint/blob/master/tests/functional/i/invalid_name.py)
- [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint/issues?q=is%3Aissue+%22invalid-name%22+OR+%22C0103%22)
